Thirukkoneswaram temple
Undoubtedly one of the first sites to be ticked off the Trincomalee tourist map is this revered temple located atop a cliff inside Fort Fredrick.
This important Hindu pilgrimage site displaying Darvidian architectural style is believed to be one of the Panch Ishwarams(five abodes of Shiva) with a swayambhu lingam. The shrine exudes sacred vibes and is a wonderful place for seeking solace in the divine presence.
Surrounded by magnificent views of the Indian Ocean, this fabulous temple tops our list of places to visit in Trincomalee.

fort frederick
This important historical landmark with an imposing entrance is a must-do for history and nature enthusiasts when you visit Trincomalee. While the history is interesting, the presence of freely-roaming spotted deer adds charm to the stroll through this fort.

Pathirakali Amman Temple
The spectacular gopuram of this Kali temple with its vibrant colours and myriad sculptures catches your eye from a distance, while the unique interiors will leave you spellbound. Also called the Kali Kovil, you can feel the powerful and benevolent presence of the goddess in this popular Durga temple in the heart of the city.

maritime and Naval history museum
Located in a beautifully restored 17th century Dutch mansion, this informative museum offers important insights into Sri Lankan maritime history.The exhibits on the first floor throw light on the marine ecosystem with special emphasis on the flora and fauna of East coast.

Nilaveli Beach
The island charm of Sri Lanka when you visit Nilaveli near Trincomalee and prepare to bask in the sun, amidst cobalt waters and cool winds. Exuding a laid-back atmosphere and simple way of life, Nilaveli captures the essence of a paradise island, with endless possibilities for a relaxing holiday.
With beautiful palm-lined sands, Nilaveli is considered one of Sri Lanka’s most perfect beaches. Languish on the golden sands, as the ocean invites you to cool down or enjoy an evening stroll and capture the striking sunset.

Seruwila Mangala Raja Maha Vihara
Counted amongst the holiest Buddhist sites in Sri Lanka, this temple is one of the important places to visit in Trincomalee for the spiritually inclined travellers. The 2nd century stupa was originally built by King Kavantissa and holds the sacred frontal bone of Lord Buddha.

Velgam Vehera
One of the best places to visit around Trincomalee, this ancient Buddhist site with a modern day monastery is just perfect for spending a couple of quiet hours.The ruins with intriguing inscriptions and the awesome jungle surrounding it, make this visit worthwhile.

Pigeon Island National Park
Undoubtedly one of the best places to visit near Trincomalee, the pristine and beautiful Pigeon Island National Park off the coast of Nilaveli is a great getaway from the city.The powdery white sands, glittering rock pools and the shallow turquoise waters make this opportunities right off the beach.

Kanniya hot springs
Kanniya Hot Springs is famous hot well in Sri Lanka from the past. There are seven wells in a square shape. Wells are only 3–4 feet deep and you can clearly see the bottom. The temperature is considerably high but vary from one spring to another. Wells run out of water, when 10-15 buckets of water are taken out.

trincomalee harbour
Trincomalee harbour is the second best natural harbour in the world and the available water and land area is about 10 times as much as the Port of Colombo. Trincomalee was tentatively identified to cater for bulk and break bulk cargo and port related industrial activities including heavy industries, tourism and agriculture etc.

Lovers leap
The Lover’s leap which is a cleft on a rock also located in Trincomalee. And it is located few meters apart from the famous Hindu temple,Lover’s leap can be spotted by the travellers on their right hand side, before enter the temple. The epic story Ramayana mentioned this cleft and many still believe that it is made by king Ravana.

Army museum
The Orr’s Hill Army Museum is a military museum situated at Plantain Point, inside 22 Army Division Headquarters in Trincomalee. This military museum has a large collection of war memorials and related exhibits including tanks which were used during the war.

Dutchbay beach
Dutch Bay is a beautiful crescent of white sand in Trincomalee City. The suburb's tree-lined lanes are cluttered with crumbling colonial workingmen's cottages from the days of the Dutch occupation of Sri Lanka.Although Dutch Bay is right in the heart of Trinco.